Add a note about `jupyter-incubation` being due a review (#289)
jupyter/governance: newsubprojects.md

This document describes the process by which new Subprojects are created in or
moved to these organizations from other locations. For a list of current sub-projects in the Jupyter Community, see [the list of sub-projects](list_of_subprojects.md).

:::{attention}

> The process for incubation under the `jupyter-incubator` organization is outdated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process for incubation under the [`jupyter-incubator` organization](https://github.com/jupyter-incubator) is outdated.
```

This document describes the process by which new Subprojects are created in or
moved to these organizations from other locations. For a list of current sub-projects in the Jupyter Community, see [the list of sub-projects](list_of_subprojects.md).

:::{attention}

> The process for incubation under the `jupyter-incubator` organization is due
> a review and may contain links to archived repositories and wording referring
> to the previous Jupyter governance model.
> For guidance on the practical aspects in the interim, you can open an issue on the the Jupyter
> [Software Steering Council](https://github.com/jupyter/software-steering-council-team-compass/)
> team compass describing your proposal and the aspects that you need help with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process for incubation under the `jupyter-incubator` organization is outdated.
It may contain links to archived repositories and wording that refers to an old version of Jupyter's governance model.
We aim to review this language and update them with Jupyter's new operating structure.

For guidance in the interim, open an issue on the the Jupyter [Software Steering Council team compass](https://github.com/jupyter/software-steering-council-team-compass/) with any questions or proposals.
```
